Update storage-users uploads sessions command (#824)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/services/s-list/storage-users.adoc

----
COMMANDS:
   sessions  Print a list of upload sessions
   clean     Clean up leftovers from expired uploads (deprecated, do not use it)
   list      Print a list of all incomplete uploads  (deprecated, do not use it)
----
--

==== Sessions command

The `sessions` command is the entry point for listing, restarting and cleaning unfinished uploads.

[source,bash]
----
ocis storage-users uploads sessions
----

> Note, though possible, do not use the deprecated upload commands listed above. Their function has been embedded in the session command respectively replaced by a command option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, though possible, do not use the deprecated upload commands listed above. Their function has been embedded in the session command as command options.
```

[source,plaintext]
----
NAME:
   ocis storage-users uploads sessions - Print a list of upload sessions

USAGE:
   ocis storage-users uploads sessions [command options]

OPTIONS:
   --id value    filter sessions by upload session id (default: unset)
   --processing  filter sessions by processing status (default: unset)
   --expired     filter sessions by expired status    (default: unset)
   --has-virus   filter sessions by virus scan result (default: unset)
   --json        output as json                       (default: false)
   --restart     send restart event for all listed sessions (default: false)
   --clean       remove uploads                       (default: false)
   --help, -h    show help
----

This will always output a list of uploads that match the criteria. See the examples below.

Some additional information on returned information::

> * `Offset` is the amount of bytes the server has already received. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Offset` is the number of bytes the server has already received. +
```

> If `Offset` == `Size` the server has reveived all bytes of the upload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `Offset` == `Size` the server has received all bytes of the upload.
```
